Update screenshots and descriptions in Asset Library docs (#10665)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_library/using_assetlib.rst

Searching
~~~~~~~~~

In the left sidebar is the **search bar + settings** section, and the **assets** section 
takes up the main content area on the right. Below the search bar, you can filter assets 
by **category** (such as 2D tools, scripts and demos), **engine version**, **license**, 

> **sorting order** (by update date, by name, etc.) and **support level**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**sorting order** (by update date, by name, etc.), and **support level**.
```
Please use [Oxford comma](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/contributing/documentation/docs_writing_guidelines.html#use-the-oxford-comma-to-enumerate-anything).

> In the left sidebar is the **search bar + settings** section, and the **assets** section 
> takes up the main content area on the right. Below the search bar, you can filter assets 
> by **category** (such as 2D tools, scripts and demos), **engine version**, **license**, 
> **sorting order** (by update date, by name, etc.) and **support level**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the left sidebar is the **search bar + settings** section, and the
**assets** section takes up the main content area on the right. Below
the search bar, you can filter assets by **category** (such as 2D tools,
scripts and demos), **support level**, **engine version**, and **license**.
You can also change the **sorting order** to sort by license, name, or
update date.
```
List them in the order visible, and split out sorting order since it's not actually "filtering". (I also re-wrapped to be slightly narrower to match the rest of the page)
